(The filming of Olivia Hye's [Egoist] music video has started!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)"
(She looks like she feels no fear of steep stairs!)
Olivia Hye: I climbed the stairs, did you film that?
Olivia Hye: It's cool, right?
Olivia Hye: Other members couldn't do this...
Olivia Hye: Because, unlike others, I'm not afraid of heights.
Olivia Hye: I go to the same school with Choerry!
Olivia Hye: And yesterday I went to the school with her for the first time.
Olivia Hye: But classmates were very surprised by me.
Olivia Hye: Because I didn't tell them.
Olivia Hye: So I mean, they didn't know that I'm a member of LOOΠΔ.
Olivia Hye: One day, some classmates came to me and told me like~
Olivia Hye: 'There is Choerry of LOOΠΔ in the class room next to ours'
Olivia Hye: So I told like 'Oh, really? The next classroom?
Olivia Hye: I pretended I didn't know her...
Olivia Hye: But they found out it after the teaser photo was uploaded.
Olivia Hye: So now I don't hide who I am. Just hang around with Choerry in school!
Olivia Hye: (Conclusion) Anyway, I love it!
Olivia Hye: End!